whether you're playing on a high-end
ryzen 7 PC or on a low-end laptop with
integrated Graphics optimizing your CPU
for its best performance is always going
to help you out and be the most
beneficial towards higher and more
stable FPS this is why I'm about to show
you the best process lesser settings for
gaming in 2024 no matter if it's
fortnite valerant or Counter Strike
these settings are all going to be the
best ones which you want to apply on
your PC quick side note guys before
applying any sort of tweaks always make
sure that you create a restore point on
your windows besides that let's go so
guys setting up process lour actually
quite easy what you want to do in the
first play is click on the Main and make
sure that you have enabled now manage
processes of all users then we're going
to go to active per profile and make
sure that the bitsum highest performance
one is actually enabled then once we
done with that also make sure that prob
balance is also enabled guys you want to
make sure that all three of these here
are checked in the first place before we
start with anything then we're going to
go over here into options go into
General and you can see manage processes
of all users and then refresh interval
GUI and this one you want to put to 5
Seconds the same as well with refresh
interval gav this one also want to put
to 5 seconds once we're done with that
you're going to go over to CPU go under
probalance and make sure that enable
probalance is checked and all of these
settings here which are have here as
well just simply make sure that they're
enabled for you as well then go under
power again here under options and they
can see performance mode they also going
to make sure that change power profile
when engaged is enabled then we're going
to stay again under options and just
simply go over to power where we can
then see performance mode and then we
have these fre options which also should
be enabled guys change power profile
when engaged enable automatic detection
and disable idle server well performance
mode engaged now once we're done with
these here we already have some of the
best settings applied and now you have
to launch whichever games you guys want
to play Let's just say as an example
that I want to do this for Minecraft so
I'm going to launch Minecraft here in
the background real quick now it's
really important to understand that you
can only apply these changes when the
game is actually actively running in the
background so if you want to boost
fortnite CS2 valerin Minecraft whatever
you actually have to let it run in the
background in a minimized window so and
since I now have Minecraft running in
the background I'm going to go back into
the tool and just simply press M to
actually find the Minecraft x so this is
not exactly the one which I want to use
so what I'm going to do now is guys
right click onto the game as mentioned
it can be whatever you guys want to do
can be the fortnite XA Val and Counter
Strike right click onto it go into CPU
priority go into always and make sure to
put this one to high then we can see
that under priority class we now Chang
it over to high then you want to right
click onto it again go under iron or
priority go under always and put it to
high as well now we also change the
additional rules now right click onto it
again then we can see Power profile and
make sure that the bits some highest
performance one is actually loaded for
this applic game specifically and this
is already now all of the best steps but
now additionally if you are on AMD
actually for me as an example guys I'm
right now here on a ryen 7 5800 x what I
can show you is right click onto it go
on the CPU affinity and there you can
see always and disable smt if you're not
disable this you can see that my CPU as
an example has eight actual cores and 16
in total with eight additional virtual
ones you know they're just calculations
eight cores 16 Frets I don't have actual
16 cores only the course number is the
one which is actually avable in the CPU
the rest is just calculations and what
you can do with actually disabling smt
is make sure that all of these virtual
CPU cores are disabled so that you force
your PC to only use the actual course
for your game which would be 0 2 4 6 8
10 12 and 14 eight cores which I
actually have on my PC because most
games actually just take the first four
to six cores something like that and
they might also take the virtual ones
which are theoretically a lot weaker
since they're not actually there they're
just calculations so this can actually
boost your FPS a lot guys especially on
AMD CPUs you can try this out as well
for your Intel one it's going to be
called hyper Fring and if you don't want
it you can just simp go back to non and
you can see that it should be reset now
to how it was before this will
immediately boost the FPS for every
single game guys and now guys all you
got to do is make sure to go under power
options and make sure that bits in
highest performance one is enabled this
is the one which we now fully customized
and with that you're already set and
good to go and every single time you
launch that game it's going to preload
all of these options and you have to do
it for every single game specifically if
you found this video helpful don't
forget to leave a like And subscribe and
check out my two videos right now on
screen where I show you how I optimize
the $500 gaming PC and some other FPS
boosts which are going to help you out